hi Aaron I need help with my 180 no
comply and my backside 180 here the
tricks I know how to do I'm a 13 year
old from Denmark and I've been skating
for about a year
excellent I'm so stoked to have a 180 no
comply I always like to get some of the
different tricks in because yeah we do a
lot of skate supports for Ollie's and
kick flips and those are totally fine
but sometimes it's really fun for me to
do a trick for something just totally
different now for my foot position cool
good so that must be the demonstration
of here's where my foot is that's how
I'm stepping off that's how I'm shoving
it with my back foot good looks like you
have that down pretty well that's good I
like to see that now for some no comply
attempts when I try to do it I don't get
the rotation or the board hits my leg
thank you for your help and support
hashtag push skateboarding thank you for
your help and support I appreciate you
taking the time to make this video hmm
interesting
yeah that's what you need to do right
there but when you're actually riding
and you try to do that motion you're not
doing that at all you're kind of just
hitting the tail on the ground yeah
there you go boom all you have to do is
do that very fast so let's see you
rolling that's actually pretty close
that one was actually pretty close but
again it's still interesting like as
soon as you start to move a little bit
you're not popping the board so flat
like you are in your practice step it it
starts to go more up and down hmm I
think you just need to take your time a
little slower step off with your front
foot and then pop your back foot and
just to keep your board more flat so
that one practice step that you are
doing that is going to keep your board
flat so that time you see what happened
is you pushed your back foot down and
your board just went straight up into
the air and again the same right there
that one wasn't so bad it didn't go just
straight
up and hit your leg and fall down but it
was pretty like straight up you know
what I mean no I'm saying straight up
cool so that's it right there now the
thing with this trick is you got that
part of it down and that's good it's
kind of interesting to me that you have
that part of it down so well but then as
soon as you do it moving a little bit
you're just popping it totally totally
different so gonna have to try and work
out what to do on that the other thing
you do have to turn your head and
shoulders that's for sure you know what
I think the main problem is I think that
you're not concentrating on like you
step off you give it a second just a
second as soon as you step off and then
you pop your back foot but you want to
concentrate on leaving your back foot on
the board
leaving your foot on the board for no
complies is extremely important unless
obviously you're doing some kind of a no
comply flip trick but even like a no
comply shove it you would want to
concentrate on leaving your back foot on
so notice on all of these my back foot
never leaves the board it stays on there
the whole time that also helps me to
keep the board flat and when I say flat
I mean not going like with the nose
popping up vertically it just goes just
around so that's what you should
concentrate on very thoroughly is just
doing that let's check out this slo-mo
so I step off and pop it around and
notice my back foot stays on there the
whole time so it's one smooth motion and
just concentrate on not popping it down
so hard and then leave your back foot on
and I think you'll get it down cool so
yeah I definitely get that trick down
for any of you guys looking to master
the basics or maybe some of the more
advanced tricks get any one of the
videos and the skateboarding made simple
series or get them all this Volume one
and two is available on iTunes right now
three will be available soon and then
the other four volumes are available on
the website thanks for your support